Added my package to server rendering page (#56)
dobromir-hristov/vuecommunity: docs/guide/ecosystem/server-side-rendering.md

Learn more about it on the dedicated [Nuxt](./nuxt.md) page.

## Servue

> [Servue]https://futureaus.github.io/servue/ shares a similar scope to Nuxtjs, but with more freedom and targetted more towards Multi-page-applications using existing server/routing systems such as koa/koa-router and express.js

Reviewer: Link is not formatted properly.
Stating it is similar to Nuxt is not optimal. It's better to explain what is the difference between and why would one chose over the other. As Nuxt is a framework of its own, I would not compare them at all.

It’s this easy to render .vue files:

> ```js

Reviewer: We don't really show code examples in other places on the page, as it's not relevant for some solutions. You could add a link to a tutorial if you like, using the useful-link component.

Learn more about it on the dedicated [Nuxt](./nuxt.md) page.

## Servue

> [Servue](https://futureaus.github.io/servue/) shares a similar scope to Nuxtjs, It allows you to render `.vue` files into rendered html. It includes features for head management, layouts and more. Compared to nuxt, it is more suitable for Multi-page-applications using existing server/routing systems such as koa/koa-router and express.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Servue](https://futureaus.github.io/servue/) shares a similar scope to Nuxtjs, it allows you to render `.vue` files into rendered html. It includes features for head meta tag management, layouts and more. Servue is more suitable for Multi-page-applications using existing server-side routing systems such as koa/koa-router or express.js
```

Reviewer: I would also advice you to write a tutorial in the future on how to use it, then you can link it here. People like to see it in action.

Author: All the documentation is found on that page, I don't really have any tutorials or videos about it, and haven't had any people having issues with the package since it's pretty straight forward imo

Reviewer: Alright. If you are OK with the proposed changes apply them and I will merge it :)

Author: Great.

Reviewer: The changes have not been applied, just resolved. There are grammatical errors to be fixed before merging. Please either use what I wrote or fix them yourself so we can merge this :)

Author: Oh, should be done now.
